for these reasons I can no longer call
myself a progressive I don't really call
myself a Democrat either I'm gonna get
into criticizing this video from Dave
Rubin as quickly as possible if you guys
are not averse to me or my position why
I'm making this video I guess you could
skip heads but it seems kind of
important to disclose my own bias or my
own interest or where I stand and as few
words as possible for I get in these
specifics I'm a critic of the left this
YouTube channel if you subscribe to it
is going to contain more criticism of
the left but I see there's a current
anti left-wing movement that from my
perspective is completely detached from
reality and some of the most vocal
leaders of opinion in this movement
strangely are former members of
left-wing organizations and parties one
of the delusions is that the left is now
worse than it was just a few decades ago
this is said again and again so easily
apparently with no evidence taken into
consideration aside from all those pesky
sjw's on twitter can you believe this
outrageous post I saw on Facebook please
please I'm only 39 but I can remember
when making excuses for mass murder in
China and Russia were the definitive
hallmarks of the left I grew up with
that I grew up surrounded by people who
on the one hand we're making excuses for
the worst atrocities committed by
communism even for its the poverty and
starvation intermittent starvation that
existed in about communist countries and
the other hand who are engaged in
lionizing labor union leaders and trying
to make me you know the general strike
into the basis of social progress it is
just not true that the left has gotten
worse within my lifetime or your
lifetime if you're anyone watching this
video the left has gotten better the
internet may have gotten worse the
internet may have given voices to people
who before never had a shot in hell at
having their opinion on the six o'clock
news I think the world is a better place
not a worse place because now at least
those people have a chance to meet one
enough
have their views challenged look up
facts on Wikipedia I think the whole
world step-by-step is actually getting
less ignorant but it's true it's also
getting more self-righteous but if you
think oh if only you could go back to
the glory days of the 1980s and the
left-wing movement I really wonder is
this what you're looking back at are you
looking back at the old days of people
straight up making excuses to your face
for Mao Zedong massacring people in
Tibet
that's the left-wing I grew up with and
when I look at Bernie Sanders Bernie
Sanders is wrong about some things but
Bernie Sanders is right about and
willing to address such a list of
fundamentally important things that I
can never have addressed by
conservatives of the right I'm not in a
position to reject the left and take up
a better alternative the position I'm in
is either I engage with the left as a
critic trying to address what's wrong
with it
what you're gonna see on this YouTube
channel or I can set up my own tiny
pathetic political party and work really
hard to maybe get 500 votes and maybe
get a certain kind of platform you know
or message you know into the newspapers
and get people a few hundred people a
few thousand people to think about
things from a slightly different
political perspective that's what's
possible in my lifetime those are my
options if I go knocking on door the
Conservative Party are they gonna talk
to me about ecology are they gonna talk
to me about indigenous peoples
indigenous later I think I talk to be
serious about education reform health
care just the cost of tuition
universities there's such a checklist of
things Bernie Sanders didn't have to
work hard Bernie Sanders just by
mentioning how important these issues
were got a huge dust of public opinion
in his sales he there's tremendous
popular enthusiasm for a left-wing
figure like Bernie Sanders despite
everything you may say that's wrong with
him that's the error we're living with
when I can at least say the left has the
potential to make positive change and
when I look at the writing conservatives
I see no such potential
[Music]